How did viewing a diff between two versions of a file help you see the bug that was introduced? 
(80-120 characters on each line)

Using the diff button to find bugs was very convenient.

It was also convenient when I opened sublime from GitBash.

GitBash is becoming less intimidating, but it is definitely something I need to get used to.

Having a history of my changes in code it would help me track my progress and what has been changed.

What do you think are the pros and cons of manually choosing when to create a commit, like you do in Git, vs having versions automaitcally saved, like Google does?

The pros is that if I'm manually creating a commit, then I can be sure that the change is for one purpose and that it's logical to document.
Having it save automatically could clutter my log when looking back at what happened and changed.
The cons is that if I forget to make a commit, I could lose my work. 

Why do you think some version control systems, like Git, allow saving multiple files in one commit, while others, like Google Docs, treat each file separately?

This is because Git was made for code changes.

Often, many files are interelated and act upon one another. 
If you change one file, then you need to know how other files are affected.

How can you use the commands git log and git diff to view the hitory of files?

I can use git log to find the unique commit IDs.

Then, I can use git diff comparing the previous to the lastest version to see what changed.

An important point is that it's in most recent to later order.

How might using version control make you more confident to make changes that could break something?

I would be much more confident with version control because if a bug does come up, I can trace back to my older commits using git checkout and look through to see where the bug was introduced.

Then I can use git diff, once I find where the error was introduced and compare to see what I changed. 

This makes me more confident to take risks and try more things. And I don't have to have tons of different older versions on my computer.

Now that you have your workspace set up, what do you want to try using Git for?

I most definitely want to use it for all my web projects and my programming projects! 

I can't wait to actually get started on them!  